slm: fix IPv6 only case (#19592)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Modem libraries
---------------

> * Fixed:
> 
>   * implement `pdn_dynamic_params_get_v6` to handle PDN params getting for IPv6-only case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`pdn_readme` library:

  * Added the :c:func:`pdn_dynamic_params_get_v6` function to handle getting PDN parameters for IPv6-only.
```

Author: Ok, thanks.
